Title: July2009
OpenEJB 3.1.1 was released in June.  The release contained a mix of
improvements and fixes.  Overall it was very well received and very
anticipated as the last trunk release was in October 2008.  More frequent
dot releases are planned and a 3.1.2 will hopefully be not too far behind.

Project participation in blogs.apache.org started up in April and has been
fairly successful with about seven posts so far.  Some effort has gone into
creating a convenient way that blog posts can be staged for community
review before being posted.  The result has proven to be very easy and not
cumbersome which directly contributes to the number of posts in the last
two months or so.  Two screencasts, the first of many hopefully, were also
added and published through the blog.

Jean-Louis Monteiro was voted in as a committer in June.  The project is
extremely happy to have him as a committer and very much enjoys his work
and overall contributions in the community.  Congratulations, Jean-Louis!

Preparation has been underway to do a first release of the OpenEJB Eclipse
Plugin.  As part of the work in preparing the release files, discussion
started at the beginning of the month on adding the release manager and
majority contributor to the plugin, Jonathan Gallimore, to the project PMC
for better oversight.  The discussion was started on the dev list carefully
and deliberately with so far very healthy and positive results.  A vote for
his addition to the PMC is now underway on the dev list, the first of
hopefully many open PMC votes.	A big compliment to the community to whose
amazing openness, mutual respect, and overall friendliness makes this kind
of thing possible.
